Streamlio Web Dev Notes


Note Styling:
CATAGORY/ITEM
Item Incomplete (before completion)
√   Item complete (before deletion)


Check to see why Carousel1 is showing auto translation from french in Chrome.
check for pagination for blog and news pages.
Think about creating a sort/filter system in the subnav so that it's always accessable when scroling down a page.


GlobalNav
√   Move the submenu up to under the link.

NOTES:
√   Figure > IMG > create CSS style to make a 50% (40%)
p.body-size should be 1.25rem
Refactor all "cardList" Card-List-Block and CardListBlock and CardList-2Col



TYPOGRAPHY
√   Changing in Chrome at 100% and 90% (resolution)


STYLE GUIDE
Include Glyph "BUG" SPACING.
Include backgrounds (plexus)
Include styling (image)


MODAL POPUP
√   link JS and HTML object with demo page
√   Media browser


MEDIA BLOCKS
?   Check content blocks for media height


CONTENT BLOCK
block-content-2col.html the first caption should have light text on the dark background.


CAROUSEL
√   Test Putting content blocks into carousel-item
√   Check carousel autoplay by default (create toggle element in data-autoplay:false)
√   Create an example with content-2col with test on left and image on right
-- Ask luc about preprocessing and generating tags for HTML code for Carousel


TYPOGRAPHY
√   Find and replace MARTEL with font that is similar but with Italic sets or generate a new family


NAV (GLOBAL)
√   Fix dropdown placement (moz/fox?)
Add sub-nav bar with breadcrumb/inline links (anchors) for documents with several sections/parts


CARD LIST
-   Filter(s) for card-list Category and Keywords (multi-dimension) Submit buttons
√   One for Category and one for Keywords
√   sample Categories and Keywords need to be data-attribute for each card.
Sample with image for info inline.


MEDIA LIST
?   Create a vertical single row stack cardList (img to left)


MEDIA LIST POPUP (Modal)
√   Fix media list display
√   Check to see that it's presentation is proper


MODAL
Check to see if we can use iFramse in the Modal dialog and lazy-load the pages.

buttons
Make sure they can be links, and how to do it.



MISCELLANEOUS
Create sample blog post with full with responsive image, and one inline image.
Update "pages" with new "Blocks"
Include updated snippets for Dreamweaver in the source root folder


THEME/STYLE
Remove hardcoded values, or overwrite with styling so that content-blocks have the same easy to use callout as buttons
cascade styling colors to buttons. Wont overwrite button styles that are hardcoded (class) inline


MISCELLANEOUS
Check for shirts for (embroydery)
(Print100.com, 4imprint.com, postupstand.com)
